Thank you very much.
So, I'm going to show you a little bit of what I'm doing.
I'm going to show you a little bit of what I'm doing.
In the beginning, when I got this cool tool, I had to tell you how important it was to be in the middle of the world, and to be able to do it in the middle of the world, and to be able to be able to do it in the middle of the world, and to be able to do it in the middle of the world, and to be able to do it in the middle of the world.
In Timbion's, Andrew, he got to Sompisian and John.
When we were in a clinic, we weren't in a clinic, we had to go to a hospital, and then we asked my business, and we asked my business, and we asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked my business, and I asked
And now we are going to show you a little bit of what we are going to do.
We are going to show you a little bit of what we are going to do.
So it would have to stand to house only in the life group, but not meet the bad.
Yeah.
Good.
The Sköniggei goddess, we exact.
We have a built-in mid-key part.
The island, the Sköniggei goddess, is in a form.
The island has a first-day-long-fun team that has got us right.
Humor, right.
Königgei, right.
Got us aildas.
It's the sailboat.
With an island big roof, with a beaver,
We have a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer, a computer,
Yes, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true, it's true,
I don't know what to do here.
I don't know what to do.
Yeah, it's just a lift, Alice.
It's a lift, Alice.
It's a lift
I think it's a great way to do it.
It's a unique right?
This is of you in front and build.
Yeah, that's passed in the other side, whereas this ima, correct.
That's Königraich Götters.
Va ima.
East, yes, on the weird ima-zine.
Yeah?
That's how tightly, as hard, or tightly, prespective.
The Skönig Rächköttersung fast, Skönig Rächköttersung fast, the Skönig Rächköttersung fast, the Skönig Rächköttersung fast, the Skönig Rächköttersung fast, the Skönig Rächköttersung fast, the Skönig Rächköttersung fast, the Skönig Rächköttersung fast, the Skönig Rächköttersung fast, the Skönig Rächköttersung fast, the Skönig Rächköttersung fast, the Skönig Rächköttersung fast, the Skönig Rächköttersung fast, the Skönig Rächköttersung fast, the Skönig Rächköttersung fast, the Skönig Rächköttersung fast, the
Gait hallelujah.
Yes.
It is so ficosa.
This is a very good testament to the non-testament.
We can't make it to a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a brain or a
I don't know, but I don't know.
I don't know.
Escipped and then in the theater.
Escipped and then shep her.
And these are shep her.
Shep her.
I'm Anne Frank-Shoeuf, and I'm here with you.
I'm here with you.
The guy's got us.
She whipped with an embosser.
God, shoot.
Yeah, he had to get shot from.
On God's version, for unfung and said, I'm beginning that side.
Well, he had to get shot from.
Yeah, it's also hard to tell.
He had to get shot from.
Well, at least my name is Kesweta.
He had to get shot from the me.
That's right, God.
The first thing I want to do is try to lift off the side of the scooter, and try to lift on the other side.
The second thing I want to do is lift on the other side.
Yeah, hard side, or shuffle.
So, as yesterday as we were using this, in the air-smose lines, got shoof.
The smart choncla is the hairshot, for I am the ear-dah.
Huh?
Not my ear-shof.
The size of the hairshot.
Is it?
Yeah, the hairshotshot.
In the last few years, I was born in the United States.
I was born in the United States.
You know, yeah?
Tastes, ere chuf, manon frouw, insinem, imbede.
Deshist, ere hat, mention, ere sine kinde, ere chafun.
Ere chafun, ere chafun.
Then we have Gradegizakt.
God, wa frouw, ere hat, ere chafun.
Ere chafun, ere chafun.
Ere
built inside them up built Kishafm.
That's where Nint, in Simon, Nint owns, as mentioned, that's how I missed the corona de Chafmm.
Yeah?
They via as mentioned word in even built, got as Kishafm.
Nicht de rest.
Via mentioned word name even built,
What is this?
That was Koenig Ettun.
Oh, God, they're Koenig.
I don't know.
That's what I'm saying.
I'm not saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that I'm saying that
We've been saying that as soon as we build the world, we will be in the present.
We will be in the end.
We will be in the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end.
I think it's hard to say.
I think it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to say it's hard to
And we are not going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
on sale bar, it was 2.14, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2.0, and it was 2
See, I've been there for a long time, I've been there for a long time, I've been there for a long time, I've been there for a long time, I've been there for a long time, I've been there for a long time, I've been there for a long time, I've been there for a long time, I've been there for a long time, I've been there for a long time, I've been there for a long time, I've been there for a long time, I've been there for a long time, I've been there for a long time,
This is a movie that's a problem.
It's a problem that's a problem that's a problem that's a problem that's a problem that's a problem that's a problem that's a problem that's a problem that's a problem that's a problem that's a problem that's a problem that's a problem that's a problem that's a problem that's a problem that's a problem that's a problem
It's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's
already fought, yeah?
Well, isn't he asked for a tram?
I said he fought, I guess, no.
There are four gaps in it.
So, does it come in nine?
But I'm certain five.
The certain file had, on the bitcion, to the humiliation of the father.
Four comments are still there.
They're saying, most of them are here.
They're saying, on the bitcion, they're not there.
So, mention, it's still there.
Yeah?
And it's 49, you're coming.
It's an extraordinary common.
It's an extraordinary common thing.
Let's go.
And then we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can do, and we'll see what we can
Abba, God, imma vida, say it, God, does e'er ombe dink merchete?
Doesn't reich?
Yes.
Doesn't sign a hash of tears.
Well, a vise, this dust, bosom's good kid, when we get zegnet sand.
Eis ova, saraghe macht.
Mepa habra haam.
Mepa habra haam, oom seine nach kommen.
Hadda anem buntke schlossen, ora?
Ne mich mich mich mich mich mich mich mich mich mich mich mich mich mich mich mich.
He tagged on fasur to tag.
We, das kernikrai, got us our sin, sorry.
We, as our seed, went, we owned the sign of Harshaftind.
We were owned the sign of Harshaftki's sign of Lib.
We owned the sign of Harshaft.
Lib, so das, Lib, we create this.
That's where Al is in Fühlenham.
On a fork Israel, Kamara Singh.
Also them.
When it happened, when it happened, when it happened, when it happened,
I don't know how to do it, but I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it, I don't know how to do it,
I think it's the best thing to do.
and the most important thing is to listen to the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music and the music
It's very important.
Namely, here seems to be the first time I've ever seen.
This was the first time I've seen the first time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time I've seen the last time
That is so leaped.
That is a man and a man in the other day.
That is a man and a man.
That is a man and a
On the end of the day, God told us that all the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people of the United States, the people
God, the imadran, in pursuit, mentioned to be gay men, mentioned to tag, and we are all in the same way, and we are in the same way, and we are in the same way, and we are in the same way, and we are in the same way, and we are in the same way, and we are in the same way, and we are in the same way, and we are in the same way, and we are in the same way,
This is a video clip, which is a video clip, which is a video clip, which is a video clip, which is a video clip, which is a video clip, which is a video clip, which is a video clip, which is a video clip, which is a video clip, which is a video clip, which is a video clip, which is a video clip, which is a video clip, which is a video clip, which is a video clip.
I am very happy to be here today.
And this is the first time we've been here for a long time.
The future of the world is very important.
The world is very important.
What do you think of this as a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a form of a
Did he know that Christ forgot his hair shaft print?
Yeah, Aba via God's hair shaft prescribed is to be rationed.
Ubaligma, ein Mechtigus, a foie cry his königrai, most shtarksein.
Es muss ein Whelen doi zetzen kön nen zine finde beseeen.
Aba jesus acte.
Deg rooste in God's königrai is de schwächst.
Himante leaped ont deen amendent.
Ont a God's hair shafts leaped and bedorted, after spruzet sur eagienen namede dine finde leaped ont enen fagibst, ont e heu freen bemüst.
That's why I'm so happy to be here.
Jesus is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the only person who is the
So now they have the Königist.
The Königist is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man who is a young man
Abba Jesus' voste, canada's most past year.
Jesus' son, as he showed, unto their shardons and his focus Israel, no incline a tile, this cusampton, mention his sush dance bar.
The ganther mentioned, had to gain God's remelient, but so targeted, and so favorustom on the Ravel Fertune.
We can God's and hair shafts, to bazou and veld with the antretin.
Jesus' glad to, to an act, their alph, opponent, and liber, resigner finder.
I think it's a good thing to say.
I think that in the last few years, we had a lot of work to do with the government, and we had a lot of work to do with the government.
We had a lot of work to do with the government.
So good.
This is one of the coolest things I've ever seen in my life.
I've never seen it before.
Jesus saved us.
Jesus saved us
That's why I'm so happy.
I'm so happy.
So, in the years of the years, there are four people in the United States, and one of them is a friend.
And one of them is a friend.
One of them is a friend.
Jesus had some business in his life.
He didn't know what to do.
In fact, the only thing we have to do is to make the world a better life.
And the only thing we have to do is to make the world a better life.
The only thing we have to do is to make the world a better life.
The air is the dimension of the air that is common.
The air is the air that is the air that is the air that is the air that is the air that is the air that is the air that is the air that is the air that is the air
I think it's a very important thing.
It's a very important thing.
And it's not the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing, it's the same thing,
Did you hear the music of Jesus Christ?
He said that Jesus was a great person.
He said that Jesus is a great person.
He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said, He said
And that's what I want to say.
I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that I want to say that
God, Zepst!
God, no, Zepst!
He lost, weird.
Yeah?
So, the one, can't suppose it.
I said, that's exactly it.
On the other side, in the front, on the other side, I said, that's exactly it.
Yes, that's it.
It's the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end of the end.
We are here in the desert.
We don't, we don't, we don't.
We don't.
that they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped here, they are trapped
And when I was in the morning, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, I thought, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well,
That's what is right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right, right,
I don't know how to speak English.
Sign right.
It's for common with a hashtag long.
For common with a hashtag long.
High long on Spanish.
No, if it ain't crap.
Son, if it ain't a sailor, if it ain't a guest.
In here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here, in here
He attacked.
Let's talk a little bit.
He attacked him.
Nice things, isn't it?
It's nice, isn't it?
It's nice.
I think that's why I'm so proud of you.
I'm so proud of you.
I am very happy that I am very happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am happy that I am
What do you want to say?
We're in.
Keep this kind, hindenness, kind problem, kind of limited zone.
We're in the management zone.
I'm not sure.
It's not the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth, it's the truth,
I am very proud of you.
It's a big thing.
The first thing I want to tell you is that we are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
Okay?
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say.
I don't know what to say.
This is the first time I've ever been able to do this.
I've been able to do this for a long time.
Let's see if I can understand how to do it and how to do it and how to do it and how to do it and how to do it and how to do it and how to do it and how to do it and how to do it and how to do it and how to do it and how to do it and how to do it and how to do it and how to do it and how to do it and how to do it
But the last thing I'd like to ask you to comment in the comments, I'd like to ask you to ask you to ask me to ask you to ask me to ask you to ask me to ask you to ask me to ask you to ask me to ask you to ask me to ask you to ask me to ask you to ask me to ask you to ask me to ask you to ask me to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to ask you to
It was a contrast that was architected in Zainem Reich.
Namely architected.
In Zainem Reichkilt, the multi-conclines, and the kinder.
In Zainem Reichkilt, and for Tron.
And in fact, that's what Zaines said.
In Zainem Reich, no matter how fun it is, it's very important that Zainem Reichkilt is very important.
It's very important that Zainem Reichkilt is very important.
A cannon does his knee hit us.
Silver arms and on to try uphanging sand for God.
The skilled in sand and rice.
The skilled in sand and rice didn't to lighten on the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top.
On the other hand, we are going to have a great day.
We are going to have a great day.
I think it's a very special effort to make a difference in the world.
I think it's a very special effort.
It's not that bad, but it's not that bad.
It's that bad.
Two.
I'm talking about a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people who have a lot of people
Sonn and Vellie Hane bitzion to this episode.
Thank you, son.
It's so nice to see you, son.
Attacked in a two's and a three's attack.
It was a weak attack.
When you listen to it, that's when it's cool to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say that it's hard to say
But I think that it's clear that we can't build a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building that can't be a building
I think it's the only way to do it.
This is the reason why we are here in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S. and in the U.S.
I think it's a very important thing to do.
I think it's a very important thing.
My brother had a smith name in common, and he said, it's the cleanse, and some in the corner.
And he said, what's the name of the cooking glass?
And he said, in the cooking glass, he said, it's the same thing, and he said, it's the same thing, and he said, it's the same thing, and he said, it's the same thing, and he said, it's the same thing, and he said, it's the same thing, and he said, it's the same thing, and he said, it's the same thing, and he said, it's the same thing, and he said, it's the same thing, and he said, it's the same thing, and he said, it's the same thing, and he said, it's the same thing, and he said, it's the same thing, and he said, it's the same thing, and he said, it's the same thing, and he said, it's the same thing, and he said, it's the
Damn it.
It's not that hard.
It's that hard.
Elipped, elipped, elipped.
Elipped.
represent tons and is konik righteous.
Konik's kinder isn't.
Than heist us.
We are in the forest and the river.
We are in the forest.
Alice was a guitar nerd.
It was a sliver.
I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human, I'm not a human,
I'm very happy to be with you.
We can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can't do this, we can
When I was born in Afghanistan, I was born in the heart of a human.
I was born in the heart of a human.
Well, he's been represented as a scientist.
And he's finally got to be a scientist.
And he's already got to be a scientist.
And he's already
We are going to have a good day.
And I think it's something that I'm very grateful to bring to you all, and I think it's a pleasure to be here with you.
And I think it's a pleasure to be here with you.
And I think it's a pleasure to be here with you all.
The first thing I want to say about this is that I am very proud of you.
The first thing I want to say about you is that I am very proud of you.
God, I want you to tell me what you want to tell me.
I want you to tell me what you want to tell me.
Abba, live a fatter, got disguised, saved, keep them in the wreck of his head.
That's what we've got, the skin, the scent.
I like the skin, the Abba.
I like the skin, the skin, the skin, the skin, the skin, the skin, the skin, the skin, the skin, the skin, the skin, the skin, the skin, the skin, the skin, the skin.
This is what it is.
I am not so confident that I am here.
I am here, hallelujah.
This is so dark.
Fashtiin, famidistarin leibnkan.
Da shatfa, ont hai asha haimersont eire, is main father, das endo dales.
Ihppin san eire, Ihppin san kint.
This beautiful enjavm.
Vazmianichmugliis.
Hascanics.
Hascanics is mianichmugli.
I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time, I've been here for a long time,
Ants.
Unken also we are the father, Ants, and had an Eileen Gasky give him two things.
Dammit, we are made father, Ants, and Conan, hallelujah.
We are doofmold Conan, made father, Ants, and Sain, doofmold Conan, made father, Ants, Sain, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, doofmold Conan, do
I think it's a very important answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer to the answer.
It's Lisa, it's Lisa Dammit, no homogeneity that to give him from Chris.
As the hell you guys didn't form a scam on the air, they mentioned a milkshita and a noisish brag, it's just breaking wood a year ago, they gave me the same taste, and I had a food.
On the Hilton's cell mouth track, they got to begin that side, they gave him that.
That's right, he got us, that's right, Nora.
Vida and Maia be out of practice and fall.
The air that meets Anna Helikat on the porch of this Reich has got us to a film.
But this is Maia, it's a guest in Yedem Gloibingen.
In Dema, in a format of the energy sky, it's a gift to all of us.
This is the Reich's goddess.
On the cool tour of the Reich's goddess is Libbe.
is high, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long with a hair, long
I think it's a very important thing.
So when you had the daset on this activity, you would have to be able to do it in the right way, in the right way, in the right way, in the right way, in the right way, in the right way, in the right way, in the right way, in the right way, in the right way, in the right way, in the right way, in the right way, in the right way, in the right way, in the right way, in the right way, in the right way, in the right way.
in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world.
And I think it's a good game.
I think it's a good game.
I'm not afraid.
I'm afraid.
I
And when the end was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it was this, it
I think that with an aircraft, he thanked the hair as two.
So good, pissed.
He thanked us to fall and leave a piss.
That's so interesting, pissed and honest.
He thanked us.
That's the tale that his kernigrai has sent to us from Paris, from France.
He thanked the hair as two stones, cans, pamnamanins, while dunes leaps.
That's too much, that's the guns.
I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid I'm afraid
two cans, two vests, and two sprees.
That gives us.